unrise OS — Phase 3 Independent Artifact Review

Decision

PHASE 3 NOT APPROVED FOR MERGE

Reviewed archive:

File: phase-3-clinical-documentation-foundation-review.zip

SHA-256: 6b7ad4f6a4ab09df07eb82d89711806f6f67f767fdab2a002875ed10f9e3d44b

ZIP integrity: PASS

Archive entries reported by unzip -l: 79

Extracted regular files: 67

Passing evidence

ZIP compression integrity passes.

Three Playwright stability logs each report 17 passed and EXIT:0.

Flow logs report:

Flow A: 6 passed

Flow B: 2 passed

Flow C: 3 passed

Flow D: 5 passed

Flow E: 1 passed

Clean empty-database proof reports migrations 0000 through 0006 applied.

The archive contains core schema, repository, service, route, frontend, and test source files.

Broad secret-pattern scan did not identify an obvious embedded credential.

Merge blockers

1. No authentic Playwright trace archives

The archive contains five trace-run text logs, but no Playwright trace.zip files.

No .har, video, or browser trace archive is present. The browser spec says HAR files are created for concurrency, but those files are absent from the review ZIP.

2. Screenshot evidence is missing and is demo-mode evidence

The screenshot manifest lists fourteen screenshot names, but the archive contains only two JPEG files plus a text result.

The two JPEGs are identical. The visible login screenshot displays:

Demo Mode

Fictitious Data Only

Demo-profile selection

The screenshot manifest itself states that screenshots were captured in demo mode.

This does not prove the production-data-mode clinical workflow.

3. “Network traces” are not browser captures

The five JSON files under network-traces/ explicitly state that they were generated from the API integration test suite.

They are not HAR files and are not authentic browser network captures.

4. Permission contract is inconsistent and incorrect

The frontend permission union contains:

clinical_note.sign

clinical_note.export

It omits:

clinical_note.edit_own_draft

clinical_note.sign_own

The packaged server policy still includes clinical_note.audit_view in its permission vocabulary, and one packaged policy version grants it to supervisor/CMO roles.

The approved exact Phase 3 permission contract is therefore not established.

5. Multiple inconsistent source versions are included

Top-level implementation files and source/ copies differ.

Examples include:

Different permissionPolicy.ts versions

Different clinical-note test versions

Stale comments and assertions concerning clinical_note.audit_view

Stale migration commentary

The archive does not identify which copy corresponds to final commit 7c96668.

6. Upgrade migration still requires manual SQL

proof/phase-2-upgrade-proof.txt states that migration 0006 was applied with psql and that a journal row was inserted manually.

That contradicts the required normal-runner Phase 2 upgrade proof.

7. SHA manifest coverage is incomplete

SHA256SUMS.txt contains 29 entries, while the extracted archive contains 67 regular files.

The manifest omits important evidence and code, including:

Stability logs

Trace-flow logs

Playwright configuration

Browser specification

Global setup

Frontend permission files

Role context

Vite test configuration

Readiness duplicates

Manifest coverage is not complete.

8. Required test and build evidence is absent

The archive does not include final logs for:

API Vitest A–D

Sunrise OS Vitest A–D

Cross-suite ordering tests

TypeScript validation

API production build

Sunrise OS production build

Repository secret scan

ZIP secret scan

Only browser stability logs are present.

9. Playwright package is incomplete

playwright.config.ts references:

e2e/global-teardown.ts

e2e/tsconfig.json

Neither file is included in the archive.

The packaged Playwright setup is therefore not independently reproducible from the review contents.

10. Browser setup performs an unscoped destructive cleanup

e2e/global-setup.ts runs:

DELETE FROM sos_rate_limit_windows

against the configured database.

This is not scoped to browser-test keys and is inconsistent with the required narrow cleanup policy.

11. Browser test assertions contain swallowed failures

The browser spec repeatedly uses constructs such as:

.catch(() => {})

after UI and networkidle waits.

These can hide unmet UI-state conditions and weaken evidence reliability.

Required correction

Regenerate one canonical Phase 3 review ZIP that:

Contains one authoritative copy of every source file from final commit 7c96668.

Uses the exact permission set:

clinical_note.create

clinical_note.view

clinical_note.edit_own_draft

clinical_note.sign_own

clinical_note.void

Removes clinical_note.sign, clinical_note.export, and clinical_note.audit_view.

Includes authentic Playwright trace archives for all 17 tests.

Includes authentic HAR/browser-network evidence.

Includes the full set of production-mode screenshots.

Proves that the demo banner is absent.

Includes normal-runner Phase 2 upgrade proof with no manual psql migration execution or journal insertion.

Includes all API, frontend, cross-suite, TypeScript, build, and secret-scan logs.

Includes all Playwright support files needed to rerun the suite.

Uses scoped rate-limit cleanup.

Provides SHA-256 coverage for every archive file except the manifest itself.

Final status

PHASE 3 NOT APPROVED FOR MERGE